Rights and Permissions
======================

## The Book of Common Prayer

Rights in The Book of Common Prayer are vested in the Crown and
administered by the Crown's patentee, Cambridge University Press. 

The reproduction by any means of the text of The Book of Common Prayer
is permitted to a maximum of five hundred (500) words for liturgical and
non-commercial educational use, subject to the following acknowledgement
being included: 

> Extracts from The Book of Common Prayer, the rights in which are vested
in the Crown, are reproduced by permission of the Crown's patentee,
Cambridge University Press

When quotations from the BCP text are used in materials not being made
available for sale, such as church bulletins, orders of service,
posters, presentation materials, or similar media, a complete copyright
notice is not required but *BCP 1662* must appear at the end of the
quotation.

Rights or permission requests (including but not limited to reproduction
in commercial publications) that exceed the above guidelines must be
directed to the Permissions Department, Cambridge University Press,
University Printing House, Shaftesbury Road, Cambridge CB2 8BS, UK
(<https://www.cambridge.org/about-us/rights-permissions>) and approved
in writing.

## King James Version

Rights in The Authorized Version of the Bible (King James Bible) in the
United Kingdom are vested in the Crown and administered by the Crown's
patentee, Cambridge University Press. The reproduction by any means of
the text of the King James Version is permitted to a maximum of five
hundred (500) verses for liturgical and non-commercial educational use,
provided that the verses quoted neither amount to a complete book of the
Bible nor represent 25 per cent or more of the total text of the work in
which they are quoted, subject to the following acknowledgement being
included:

> Scripture quotations from The Authorized (King James) Version. Rights
in the Authorized Version in the United Kingdom are vested in the Crown.
Reproduced by permission of the Crown's patentee, Cambridge University
Press

When quotations from the KJV text are used in materials not being made
available for sale, such as church bulletins, orders of service,
posters, presentation materials, or similar media, a complete copyright
notice is not required but the initials KJV must appear at the end of
the quotation.

Rights or permission requests (including but not limited to reproduction
in commercial publications) that exceed the above guidelines must be
directed to the Permissions Department, Cambridge University Press,
University Printing House, Shaftesbury Road, Cambridge CB2 8BS, UK
(<https://www.cambridge.org/about-us/rights-permissions>) and approved
in writing.

## New English Bible

The NEB text may be quoted in any form (written, visual, electronic or
audio) up to and inclusive of five hundred (500) verses without the
express written permission of the publisher, provided that the verses
quoted neither amount to a complete book of the Bible nor represent 25
per cent or more of the total text of the work in which they are quoted.
No changes may be made to the NEB text.

Notice of copyright must appear as follows on the title or copyright
page of printed works in which the NEB text is quoted, or in a
corresponding location when the NEB is quoted in other media:

> Scripture quotations taken from the New English Bible, copyright ©
Cambridge University Press and Oxford University Press 1961, 1970. All
rights reserved.

When quotations from the NEB text are used in materials not being made
available for sale, such as church bulletins, orders of service,
posters, presentation materials, or similar media, a complete copyright
notice is not required but the initials NEB must appear at the end of
the quotation.

Rights or permission requests (including but not limited to reproduction
in commercial publications) that exceed the above guidelines must be
directed to the Permissions Department, Cambridge University Press,
University Printing House, Shaftesbury Road, Cambridge CB2 8BS, UK
<https://www.cambridge.org/about-us/rights-permissions>) and approved in
writing.

## Revised English Bible

The REB text may be quoted in any form (written, visual, electronic or
audio) up to and inclusive of five hundred (500) verses without the
express written permission of the publisher, provided that the verses
quoted neither amount to a complete book of the Bible nor represent 25
per cent or more of the total text of the work in which they are quoted.
No changes may be made to the REB text.

Notice of copyright must appear as follows on the title or copyright
page of printed works in which the REB text is quoted, or in a
corresponding location when the REB is quoted in other media:

> Scripture quotations taken from the Revised English Bible, copyright ©
Cambridge University Press and Oxford University Press 1989. All rights
reserved.

When quotations from the REB text are used in materials not being made
available for sale, such as church bulletins, orders of service,
posters, presentation materials, or similar media, a complete copyright
notice is not required but the initials REB must appear at the end of
the quotation.

Rights or permission requests (including but not limited to reproduction
in commercial publications) that exceed the above guidelines must be
directed to the Permissions Department, Cambridge University Press,
University Printing House, Shaftesbury Road, Cambridge CB2 8BS, UK
(<https://www.cambridge.org/about-us/rights-permissions>) and approved
in writing.

---

Exported from the Cambridge University Press [website](https://www.cambridge.org/bibles/about/rights-and-permissions/) on 2019-08-08 10:44:41 